midterms are easy to deal with

exam review

pay attention in class

do the reading (lol)

Multiple choice (below)
Matching comes directly out of the glossary of the book, learn the glossary at the end of chapter 1 and 2

---Exam Review---

Chapter 1 & 2
1. According to Downey, the single most important skill for a computer scientist is:
    b. Problem Solving

2. The file in which you store Python code is called a(n):
    b. script

3. The expression type(100.25) will produce which output?
    a. <class 'float'>

4. Which is the legal variable name?
    b. Dimension10

    cannot start variable name with a numeric, pound sign not permitted
    https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Python_Beginner_to_Expert/Native_Types

5. Which is the illegal variable name?
    a. global

    global is a reserved word in python

6. Which of these is not an expression?
    d. None of the above

7. Which is the correct order of operations?
    c. PEMDAS

8. Which of the following is a legal command?
    d. print('A' + 'B')

9. By convention, Python scripts have names that end with:
    c. py

10. In Python 3.x, what is the result of executing the following code assuming the user enters 3?
    num = int(input('Enter an integer value: '))
    print(num // 2)

11. After the execution of the following statement, the variable price will reference the value?


12. T There are three distinct categories of programming errors: runtime, syntactical, semantic

13. T Ultimately, computers can only run programs that are in a low-level language.

14. F High-level programs are computer specific.

15. T Almost all programs are created in high-level languages these days.

16. T An interpreter reads the program and translates it completely before the program starts running.

17. T The translated program is called the object code or the executable.

18. F A compiler reads a high-level program and executes it a little at time,
    alternately reading lines and performing computations.

19. F The statement print(1,000,000) will produce a syntax error.
    (will print 1 0 0, print statement adds space on comma and truncates 0s)

20. F Operators with the same precedence(except exponentiation) are evaluated from right to left

21. 
